# go_ForXslt20
--
    import "github.com/metaleap/go-xsd-pkg/www.w3.org/2007/schema-for-xslt20.xsd_go"

	Auto-generated by the "go-xsd" package located at:
		github.com/metaleap/go-xsd
	Comments on types and fields (if any) are from the XSD file located at:
		www.w3.org/2007/schema-for-xslt20.xsd

## Usage

```go
var (
	//	Set this to false to break a Walk() immediately as soon as the first error is returned by a custom handler function.
	//	If true, Walk() proceeds and accumulates all errors in the WalkErrors slice.
	WalkContinueOnError = true
	//	Contains all errors accumulated during Walk()s. If you're using this, you need to reset this yourself as needed prior to a fresh Walk().
	WalkErrors []error
	//	Your custom error-handling function, if required.
	WalkOnError func(error)
	//	Provides 152 strong-typed hooks for your own custom handler functions to be invoked when the Walk() method is called on any instance of any (non-attribute-related) struct type defined in this package.
	//	If your custom handler does get called at all for a given struct instance, then it always gets called twice, first with the 'enter' bool argument set to true, then (after having Walk()ed all subordinate struct instances, if any) once again with it set to false.
	WalkHandlers = &XsdGoPkgWalkHandlers{}
)
```

#### type TQName

```go
type TQName xsdt.Name
```

A QName. This schema does not use the built-in type xs:QName, but rather defines
its own QName type. Although xs:QName would define the correct validation on
these attributes, a schema processor would expand unprefixed QNames incorrectly
when constructing the PSVI, because (as defined in XML Schema errata) an
unprefixed xs:QName is assumed to be in the default namespace, which is not the
correct assumption for XSLT. The data type is defined as a restriction of the
built-in type Name, restricted so that it can only contain one colon which must
not be the first or last character.

#### func (*TQName) Set

```go
func (me *TQName) Set(s string)
```
Since TQName is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (TQName) String

```go
func (me TQName) String() string
```
Since TQName is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (TQName) ToXsdtName

```go
func (me TQName) ToXsdtName() xsdt.Name
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to TQName's alias
type xsdt.Name.

#### type TQNames

```go
type TQNames xsdt.String
```

A list of QNames. Used in the [xsl:]use-attribute-sets attribute of various
elements, and in the cdata-section-elements attribute of xsl:output

#### func (*TQNames) Set

```go
func (me *TQNames) Set(s string)
```
Since TQNames is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (TQNames) String

```go
func (me TQNames) String() string
```
Since TQNames is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (TQNames) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me TQNames) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to TQNames's
alias type xsdt.String.

#### func (TQNames) Values

```go
func (me TQNames) Values() (list []TQName)
```
TQNames declares a String containing a whitespace-separated list of TQName
values. This Values() method creates and returns a slice of all elements in that
list.

#### type Tavt

```go
type Tavt xsdt.String
```

This type is used for all attributes that allow an attribute value template. The
general rules for the syntax of attribute value templates, and the specific
rules for each such attribute, are described in the XSLT 2.0 Recommendation.

#### func (*Tavt) Set

```go
func (me *Tavt) Set(s string)
```
Since Tavt is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value from
the specified string.

#### func (Tavt) String

```go
func (me Tavt) String() string
```
Since Tavt is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current string
value.

#### func (Tavt) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tavt) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tavt's alias
type xsdt.String.

#### type Tchar

```go
type Tchar xsdt.String
```

A string containing exactly one character.

#### func (*Tchar) Set

```go
func (me *Tchar) Set(s string)
```
Since Tchar is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tchar) String

```go
func (me Tchar) String() string
```
Since Tchar is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current string
value.

#### func (Tchar) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tchar) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tchar's alias
type xsdt.String.

#### type TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

```go
type TelementOnlyVersionedElementType struct {
	TversionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TelementOnlyVersionedElementType) Walk

```go
func (me *TelementOnlyVersionedElementType) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TelementOnlyVersionedElementType function is not nil (ie.
was set by outside code), calls it with this TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/1 embed(s)
and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TelementOnlyVersionedElementType instance.

#### type Texpression

```go
type Texpression xsdt.Token
```

An XPath 2.0 expression.

#### func (*Texpression) Set

```go
func (me *Texpression) Set(s string)
```
Since Texpression is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current
value from the specified string.

#### func (Texpression) String

```go
func (me Texpression) String() string
```
Since Texpression is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Texpression) ToXsdtToken

```go
func (me Texpression) ToXsdtToken() xsdt.Token
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Texpression's
alias type xsdt.Token.

#### type TgenericElementType

```go
type TgenericElementType struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExtensionElementPrefixes_TprefixList_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultCollation_TuriList_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseWhen_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_XpathDefaultNamespace_XsdtAnyURI_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExcludeResultPrefixes_TprefixListOrAll_
}
```


#### func (*TgenericElementType) Walk

```go
func (me *TgenericElementType) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TgenericElementType function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TgenericElementType instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/6 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TgenericElementType instance.

#### type TinputTypeAnnotationsType

```go
type TinputTypeAnnotationsType xsdt.Token
```

Describes how type annotations in source documents are handled.

#### func (TinputTypeAnnotationsType) IsPreserve

```go
func (me TinputTypeAnnotationsType) IsPreserve() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TinputTypeAnnotationsType is
"preserve".

#### func (TinputTypeAnnotationsType) IsStrip

```go
func (me TinputTypeAnnotationsType) IsStrip() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TinputTypeAnnotationsType is
"strip".

#### func (TinputTypeAnnotationsType) IsUnspecified

```go
func (me TinputTypeAnnotationsType) IsUnspecified() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TinputTypeAnnotationsType is
"unspecified".

#### func (*TinputTypeAnnotationsType) Set

```go
func (me *TinputTypeAnnotationsType) Set(s string)
```
Since TinputTypeAnnotationsType is just a simple String type, this merely sets
the current value from the specified string.

#### func (TinputTypeAnnotationsType) String

```go
func (me TinputTypeAnnotationsType) String() string
```
Since TinputTypeAnnotationsType is just a simple String type, this merely
returns the current string value.

#### func (TinputTypeAnnotationsType) ToXsdtToken

```go
func (me TinputTypeAnnotationsType) ToXsdtToken() xsdt.Token
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TinputTypeAnnotationsType's alias type xsdt.Token.

#### type Tlevel

```go
type Tlevel xsdt.NCName
```

The level attribute of xsl:number: one of single, multiple, or any.

#### func (Tlevel) IsAny

```go
func (me Tlevel) IsAny() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated Tlevel is "any".

#### func (Tlevel) IsMultiple

```go
func (me Tlevel) IsMultiple() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated Tlevel is "multiple".

#### func (Tlevel) IsSingle

```go
func (me Tlevel) IsSingle() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated Tlevel is "single".

#### func (*Tlevel) Set

```go
func (me *Tlevel) Set(s string)
```
Since Tlevel is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tlevel) String

```go
func (me Tlevel) String() string
```
Since Tlevel is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Tlevel) ToXsdtNCName

```go
func (me Tlevel) ToXsdtNCName() xsdt.NCName
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tlevel's alias
type xsdt.NCName.

#### type Tmethod

```go
type Tmethod xsdt.String
```

The method attribute of xsl:output: Either one of the recognized names "xml",
"xhtml", "html", "text", or a QName that must include a prefix.

#### func (*Tmethod) Set

```go
func (me *Tmethod) Set(s string)
```
Since Tmethod is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tmethod) String

```go
func (me Tmethod) String() string
```
Since Tmethod is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Tmethod) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tmethod) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tmethod's
alias type xsdt.String.

#### type Tmode

```go
type Tmode xsdt.String
```

The mode attribute of xsl:apply-templates: either a QName, or #current, or
#default.

#### func (*Tmode) Set

```go
func (me *Tmode) Set(s string)
```
Since Tmode is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tmode) String

```go
func (me Tmode) String() string
```
Since Tmode is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current string
value.

#### func (Tmode) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tmode) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tmode's alias
type xsdt.String.

#### type Tmodes

```go
type Tmodes xsdt.String
```

The mode attribute of xsl:template: either a list, each member being either a
QName or #default; or the value #all

#### func (*Tmodes) Set

```go
func (me *Tmodes) Set(s string)
```
Since Tmodes is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tmodes) String

```go
func (me Tmodes) String() string
```
Since Tmodes is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Tmodes) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tmodes) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tmodes's alias
type xsdt.String.

#### type Tnametests

```go
type Tnametests xsdt.String
```

A list of NameTests, as defined in the XPath 2.0 Recommendation. Each NameTest
is either a QName, or "*", or "prefix:*", or "*:localname"

#### func (*Tnametests) Set

```go
func (me *Tnametests) Set(s string)
```
Since Tnametests is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current
value from the specified string.

#### func (Tnametests) String

```go
func (me Tnametests) String() string
```
Since Tnametests is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Tnametests) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tnametests) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tnametests's
alias type xsdt.String.

#### type ToTtextElementBaseType

```go
type ToTtextElementBaseType interface {
	ToTtextElementBaseType() TtextElementBaseType
}
```

A convenience interface that declares a type conversion to TtextElementBaseType.

#### type ToTversionedElementType

```go
type ToTversionedElementType interface {
	ToTversionedElementType() TversionedElementType
}
```

A convenience interface that declares a type conversion to
TversionedElementType.

#### type Tpattern

```go
type Tpattern Texpression
```

A match pattern as defined in the XSLT 2.0 Recommendation. The syntax for
patterns is a restricted form of the syntax for XPath 2.0 expressions.

#### func (*Tpattern) Set

```go
func (me *Tpattern) Set(s string)
```
Since Tpattern is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tpattern) String

```go
func (me Tpattern) String() string
```
Since Tpattern is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Tpattern) ToTexpression

```go
func (me Tpattern) ToTexpression() Texpression
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tpattern's
alias type Texpression.

#### type TprefixList

```go
type TprefixList xsdt.String
```


#### func (*TprefixList) Set

```go
func (me *TprefixList) Set(s string)
```
Since TprefixList is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current
value from the specified string.

#### func (TprefixList) String

```go
func (me TprefixList) String() string
```
Since TprefixList is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (TprefixList) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me TprefixList) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to TprefixList's
alias type xsdt.String.

#### func (TprefixList) Values

```go
func (me TprefixList) Values() (list []TprefixOrDefault)
```
TprefixList declares a String containing a whitespace-separated list of
TprefixOrDefault values. This Values() method creates and returns a slice of all
elements in that list.

#### type TprefixListOrAll

```go
type TprefixListOrAll xsdt.String
```


#### func (*TprefixListOrAll) Set

```go
func (me *TprefixListOrAll) Set(s string)
```
Since TprefixListOrAll is just a simple String type, this merely sets the
current value from the specified string.

#### func (TprefixListOrAll) String

```go
func (me TprefixListOrAll) String() string
```
Since TprefixListOrAll is just a simple String type, this merely returns the
current string value.

#### func (TprefixListOrAll) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me TprefixListOrAll) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TprefixListOrAll's alias type xsdt.String.

#### type TprefixOrDefault

```go
type TprefixOrDefault xsdt.String
```

Either a namespace prefix, or #default. Used in the xsl:namespace-alias element.

#### func (*TprefixOrDefault) Set

```go
func (me *TprefixOrDefault) Set(s string)
```
Since TprefixOrDefault is just a simple String type, this merely sets the
current value from the specified string.

#### func (TprefixOrDefault) String

```go
func (me TprefixOrDefault) String() string
```
Since TprefixOrDefault is just a simple String type, this merely returns the
current string value.

#### func (TprefixOrDefault) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me TprefixOrDefault) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TprefixOrDefault's alias type xsdt.String.

#### type Tprefixes

```go
type Tprefixes xsdt.String
```


#### func (*Tprefixes) Set

```go
func (me *Tprefixes) Set(s string)
```
Since Tprefixes is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (Tprefixes) String

```go
func (me Tprefixes) String() string
```
Since Tprefixes is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (Tprefixes) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me Tprefixes) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to Tprefixes's
alias type xsdt.String.

#### func (Tprefixes) Values

```go
func (me Tprefixes) Values() (list []xsdt.NCName)
```
Tprefixes declares a String containing a whitespace-separated list of
xsdt.NCName values. This Values() method creates and returns a slice of all
elements in that list.

#### type TsequenceConstructor

```go
type TsequenceConstructor struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	TversionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TsequenceConstructor) Walk

```go
func (me *TsequenceConstructor) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TsequenceConstructor function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TsequenceConstructor instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 3/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TsequenceConstructor instance.

#### type TsequenceType

```go
type TsequenceType xsdt.Token
```

The description of a data type, conforming to the SequenceType production
defined in the XPath 2.0 Recommendation

#### func (*TsequenceType) Set

```go
func (me *TsequenceType) Set(s string)
```
Since TsequenceType is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current
value from the specified string.

#### func (TsequenceType) String

```go
func (me TsequenceType) String() string
```
Since TsequenceType is just a simple String type, this merely returns the
current string value.

#### func (TsequenceType) ToXsdtToken

```go
func (me TsequenceType) ToXsdtToken() xsdt.Token
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TsequenceType's alias type xsdt.Token.

#### type TtextElementBaseType

```go
type TtextElementBaseType struct {
	XsdGoPkgValue TversionedElementType `xml:",chardata"`
}
```


#### func (*TtextElementBaseType) ToTversionedElementType

```go
func (me *TtextElementBaseType) ToTversionedElementType() TversionedElementType
```
Simply returns the value of its XsdGoPkgValue field.

#### func (*TtextElementBaseType) Walk

```go
func (me *TtextElementBaseType) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TtextElementBaseType function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TtextElementBaseType instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this TtextElementBaseType instance.

#### type TtransformElementBaseType

```go
type TtransformElementBaseType struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtDecimal_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TtransformElementBaseType) Walk

```go
func (me *TtransformElementBaseType) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TtransformElementBaseType function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this TtransformElementBaseType instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/2 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TtransformElementBaseType instance.

#### type TuriList

```go
type TuriList xsdt.String
```


#### func (*TuriList) Set

```go
func (me *TuriList) Set(s string)
```
Since TuriList is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (TuriList) String

```go
func (me TuriList) String() string
```
Since TuriList is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (TuriList) ToXsdtString

```go
func (me TuriList) ToXsdtString() xsdt.String
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to TuriList's
alias type xsdt.String.

#### func (TuriList) Values

```go
func (me TuriList) Values() (list []xsdt.AnyURI)
```
TuriList declares a String containing a whitespace-separated list of xsdt.AnyURI
values. This Values() method creates and returns a slice of all elements in that
list.

#### type TvalidationStripOrPreserve

```go
type TvalidationStripOrPreserve TvalidationType
```

Describes different ways of type-annotating an element or attribute.

#### func (TvalidationStripOrPreserve) IsPreserve

```go
func (me TvalidationStripOrPreserve) IsPreserve() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TvalidationStripOrPreserve is
"preserve".

#### func (TvalidationStripOrPreserve) IsStrip

```go
func (me TvalidationStripOrPreserve) IsStrip() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TvalidationStripOrPreserve is
"strip".

#### func (*TvalidationStripOrPreserve) Set

```go
func (me *TvalidationStripOrPreserve) Set(s string)
```
Since TvalidationStripOrPreserve is just a simple String type, this merely sets
the current value from the specified string.

#### func (TvalidationStripOrPreserve) String

```go
func (me TvalidationStripOrPreserve) String() string
```
Since TvalidationStripOrPreserve is just a simple String type, this merely
returns the current string value.

#### func (TvalidationStripOrPreserve) ToTvalidationType

```go
func (me TvalidationStripOrPreserve) ToTvalidationType() TvalidationType
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TvalidationStripOrPreserve's alias type TvalidationType.

#### type TvalidationType

```go
type TvalidationType xsdt.Token
```

Describes different ways of type-annotating an element or attribute.

#### func (TvalidationType) IsLax

```go
func (me TvalidationType) IsLax() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TvalidationType is "lax".

#### func (TvalidationType) IsPreserve

```go
func (me TvalidationType) IsPreserve() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TvalidationType is "preserve".

#### func (TvalidationType) IsStrict

```go
func (me TvalidationType) IsStrict() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TvalidationType is "strict".

#### func (TvalidationType) IsStrip

```go
func (me TvalidationType) IsStrip() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TvalidationType is "strip".

#### func (*TvalidationType) Set

```go
func (me *TvalidationType) Set(s string)
```
Since TvalidationType is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current
value from the specified string.

#### func (TvalidationType) String

```go
func (me TvalidationType) String() string
```
Since TvalidationType is just a simple String type, this merely returns the
current string value.

#### func (TvalidationType) ToXsdtToken

```go
func (me TvalidationType) ToXsdtToken() xsdt.Token
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TvalidationType's alias type xsdt.Token.

#### type TversionedElementType

```go
type TversionedElementType struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	TgenericElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtDecimal_
}
```


#### func (*TversionedElementType) Walk

```go
func (me *TversionedElementType) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TversionedElementType function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TversionedElementType instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 2/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TversionedElementType instance.

#### type TxsdAnalyzeString

```go
type TxsdAnalyzeString struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Regex_Tavt_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Flags_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback
}
```


#### func (*TxsdAnalyzeString) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdAnalyzeString) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdAnalyzeString function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdAnalyzeString instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 4/7 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdAnalyzeString instance.

#### type TxsdApplyImports

```go
type TxsdApplyImports struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdApplyImports) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdApplyImports) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdApplyImports function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdApplyImports instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 2/2 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdApplyImports instance.

#### type TxsdApplyTemplates

```go
type TxsdApplyTemplates struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Mode_Tmode_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_ChildNode
}
```


#### func (*TxsdApplyTemplates) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdApplyTemplates) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdApplyTemplates function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdApplyTemplates instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 3/5 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdApplyTemplates instance.

#### type TxsdAttribute

```go
type TxsdAttribute struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Separator_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_Tavt_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdAttribute) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdAttribute) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdAttribute function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdAttribute instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/8 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdAttribute instance.

#### type TxsdAttributeSet

```go
type TxsdAttributeSet struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseAttributeSets_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdAttributeSet) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdAttributeSet) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdAttributeSet function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdAttributeSet instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 2/4 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdAttributeSet instance.

#### type TxsdCallTemplate

```go
type TxsdCallTemplate struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam
}
```


#### func (*TxsdCallTemplate) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdCallTemplate) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdCallTemplate function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdCallTemplate instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 2/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdCallTemplate instance.

#### type TxsdCharacterMap

```go
type TxsdCharacterMap struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseCharacterMaps_TQNames_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdCharacterMap) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdCharacterMap) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdCharacterMap function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdCharacterMap instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 2/4 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdCharacterMap instance.

#### type TxsdChoose

```go
type TxsdChoose struct {
	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_When
}
```


#### func (*TxsdChoose) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdChoose) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdChoose function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdChoose instance as the single argument. Then calls
the Walk() method on 3/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdChoose
instance.

#### type TxsdComment

```go
type TxsdComment struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	TsequenceConstructor
}
```


#### func (*TxsdComment) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdComment) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdComment function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdComment instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdComment instance.

#### type TxsdCopy

```go
type TxsdCopy struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseAttributeSets_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CopyNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

	TsequenceConstructor
}
```


#### func (*TxsdCopy) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdCopy) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdCopy function is not nil (ie. was set by outside code),
calls it with this TxsdCopy instance as the single argument. Then calls the
Walk() method on 1/7 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdCopy
instance.

#### type TxsdCopyOf

```go
type TxsdCopyOf struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	TversionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CopyNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata
}
```


#### func (*TxsdCopyOf) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdCopyOf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdCopyOf function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdCopyOf instance as the single argument. Then calls
the Walk() method on 2/6 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdCopyOf
instance.

#### type TxsdDecimalFormat

```go
type TxsdDecimalFormat struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Digit_Tchar_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ZeroDigit_Tchar_0

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DecimalSeparator_Tchar_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Infinity_XsdtString_Infinity

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PerMille_Tchar_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tchar_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Percent_Tchar_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PatternSeparator_Tchar_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NaN_XsdtString_NaN

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MinusSign_Tchar_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdDecimalFormat) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdDecimalFormat) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdDecimalFormat function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdDecimalFormat instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/12 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdDecimalFormat instance.

#### type TxsdDocument

```go
type TxsdDocument struct {
	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata
}
```


#### func (*TxsdDocument) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdDocument) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdDocument function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdDocument instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/4 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdDocument instance.

#### type TxsdElement

```go
type TxsdElement struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseAttributeSets_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	TsequenceConstructor
}
```


#### func (*TxsdElement) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdElement) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdElement function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdElement instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/8 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdElement instance.

#### type TxsdForEach

```go
type TxsdForEach struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	TversionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup
}
```


#### func (*TxsdForEach) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdForEach) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdForEach function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdForEach instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 3/5 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdForEach instance.

#### type TxsdForEachGroup

```go
type TxsdForEachGroup struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupAdjacent_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupEndingWith_Tpattern_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupStartingWith_Tpattern_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_XsdtAnyURI_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupBy_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup

	TversionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdForEachGroup) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdForEachGroup) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdForEachGroup function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdForEachGroup instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 3/10 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdForEachGroup instance.

#### type TxsdFunction

```go
type TxsdFunction struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Override_TyesOrNo_Yes

	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_Item

	TversionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdFunction) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdFunction) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdFunction function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdFunction instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 4/7 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdFunction instance.

#### type TxsdIf

```go
type TxsdIf struct {
	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Test_Texpression_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdIf) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdIf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdIf function is not nil (ie. was set by outside code),
calls it with this TxsdIf instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk()
method on 1/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdIf instance.

#### type TxsdImportSchema

```go
type TxsdImportSchema struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_SchemaLocation_XsdtAnyURI_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_XsdtAnyURI_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdImportSchema) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdImportSchema) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdImportSchema function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdImportSchema instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdImportSchema instance.

#### type TxsdInclude

```go
type TxsdInclude struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Href_XsdtAnyURI_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdInclude) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdInclude) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdInclude function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdInclude instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/2 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdInclude instance.

#### type TxsdKey

```go
type TxsdKey struct {
	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_XsdtAnyURI_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Use_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Match_Tpattern_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdKey) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdKey) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdKey function is not nil (ie. was set by outside code),
calls it with this TxsdKey instance as the single argument. Then calls the
Walk() method on 2/6 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdKey
instance.

#### type TxsdMessage

```go
type TxsdMessage struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Terminate_Tavt_No

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdMessage) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdMessage) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdMessage function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdMessage instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/4 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdMessage instance.

#### type TxsdNamespace

```go
type TxsdNamespace struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_Tavt_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata
}
```


#### func (*TxsdNamespace) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdNamespace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdNamespace function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdNamespace instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/4 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdNamespace instance.

#### type TxsdNamespaceAlias

```go
type TxsdNamespaceAlias struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_StylesheetPrefix_TprefixOrDefault_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ResultPrefix_TprefixOrDefault_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdNamespaceAlias) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdNamespaceAlias) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdNamespaceAlias function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdNamespaceAlias instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdNamespaceAlias instance.

#### type TxsdNextMatch

```go
type TxsdNextMatch struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdNextMatch) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdNextMatch) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdNextMatch function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdNextMatch instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 3/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdNextMatch instance.

#### type TxsdNumber

```go
type TxsdNumber struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_From_Tpattern_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_LetterValue_Tavt_

	TversionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSize_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Level_Tlevel_Single

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Value_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_1

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Ordinal_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Lang_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Count_Tpattern_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdNumber) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdNumber) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdNumber function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdNumber instance as the single argument. Then calls
the Walk() method on 2/13 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdNumber
instance.

#### type TxsdOutput

```go
type TxsdOutput struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Method_Tmethod_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UndeclarePrefixes_TyesOrNo_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_EscapeUriAttributes_TyesOrNo_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypeSystem_XsdtString_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Indent_TyesOrNo_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MediaType_XsdtString_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypePublic_XsdtString_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtNmtoken_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OmitXmlDeclaration_TyesOrNo_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ByteOrderMark_TyesOrNo_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NormalizationForm_XsdtNmtoken_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseCharacterMaps_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Standalone_TyesOrNoOrOmit_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CdataSectionElements_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Encoding_XsdtString_

	TgenericElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_IncludeContentType_TyesOrNo_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdOutput) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdOutput) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdOutput function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdOutput instance as the single argument. Then calls
the Walk() method on 2/19 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdOutput
instance.

#### type TxsdOutputCharacter

```go
type TxsdOutputCharacter struct {
	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Character_Tchar_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_String_XsdtString_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdOutputCharacter) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdOutputCharacter) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdOutputCharacter function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdOutputCharacter instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdOutputCharacter instance.

#### type TxsdParam

```go
type TxsdParam struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Required_TyesOrNo_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Tunnel_TyesOrNo_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdParam) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdParam) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdParam function is not nil (ie. was set by outside code),
calls it with this TxsdParam instance as the single argument. Then calls the
Walk() method on 2/7 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdParam
instance.

#### type TxsdPreserveSpace

```go
type TxsdPreserveSpace struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Elements_Tnametests_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdPreserveSpace) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdPreserveSpace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdPreserveSpace function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdPreserveSpace instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/2 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdPreserveSpace instance.

#### type TxsdResultDocument

```go
type TxsdResultDocument struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Indent_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Method_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Encoding_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OutputVersion_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NormalizationForm_Tavt_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MediaType_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OmitXmlDeclaration_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Standalone_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypeSystem_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Href_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypePublic_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_EscapeUriAttributes_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_IncludeContentType_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ByteOrderMark_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CdataSectionElements_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseCharacterMaps_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UndeclarePrefixes_Tavt_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdResultDocument) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdResultDocument) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdResultDocument function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this TxsdResultDocument instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/22 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s)
belonging to this TxsdResultDocument instance.

#### type TxsdSequence

```go
type TxsdSequence struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType
}
```


#### func (*TxsdSequence) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdSequence) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdSequence function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdSequence instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 3/4 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdSequence instance.

#### type TxsdSort

```go
type TxsdSort struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Lang_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DataType_Tavt_Text

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Order_Tavt_Ascending

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_Tavt_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CaseOrder_Tavt_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Stable_TyesOrNo_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdSort) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdSort) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdSort function is not nil (ie. was set by outside code),
calls it with this TxsdSort instance as the single argument. Then calls the
Walk() method on 1/9 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this TxsdSort
instance.

#### type TxsdTemplate

```go
type TxsdTemplate struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Priority_XsdtDecimal_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_Item

	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Mode_Tmodes_

	TversionedElementType

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Match_Tpattern_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdTemplate) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdTemplate) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdTemplate function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdTemplate instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 4/9 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdTemplate instance.

#### type TxsdText

```go
type TxsdText struct {
	XsdGoPkgValue TtextElementBaseType `xml:",chardata"`

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DisableOutputEscaping_TyesOrNo_No
}
```


#### func (*TxsdText) ToTtextElementBaseType

```go
func (me *TxsdText) ToTtextElementBaseType() TtextElementBaseType
```
Simply returns the value of its XsdGoPkgValue field.

#### func (*TxsdText) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdText) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdText function is not nil (ie. was set by outside code),
calls it with this TxsdText instance as the single argument. Then calls the
Walk() method on 0/1 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s) belonging to this TxsdText
instance.

#### type TxsdTransform

```go
type TxsdTransform struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Id_XsdtId_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InputTypeAnnotations_TinputTypeAnnotationsType_Unspecified

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param

	TtransformElementBaseType

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultValidation_TvalidationStripOrPreserve_Strip
}
```


#### func (*TxsdTransform) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdTransform) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdTransform function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdTransform instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 5/8 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdTransform instance.

#### type TxsdValueOf

```go
type TxsdValueOf struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DisableOutputEscaping_TyesOrNo_No

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Separator_Tavt_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdValueOf) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdValueOf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdValueOf function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdValueOf instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/5 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdValueOf instance.

#### type TxsdVariable

```go
type TxsdVariable struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasCdata
}
```


#### func (*TxsdVariable) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdVariable) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdVariable function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdVariable instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/5 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdVariable instance.

#### type TxsdWithParam

```go
type TxsdWithParam struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasCdata

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_

	TsequenceConstructor

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Tunnel_TyesOrNo_
}
```


#### func (*TxsdWithParam) Walk

```go
func (me *TxsdWithParam) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.TxsdWithParam function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this TxsdWithParam instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 1/6 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
TxsdWithParam instance.

#### type TyesOrNo

```go
type TyesOrNo xsdt.Token
```

One of the values "yes" or "no".

#### func (TyesOrNo) IsNo

```go
func (me TyesOrNo) IsNo() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TyesOrNo is "no".

#### func (TyesOrNo) IsYes

```go
func (me TyesOrNo) IsYes() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TyesOrNo is "yes".

#### func (*TyesOrNo) Set

```go
func (me *TyesOrNo) Set(s string)
```
Since TyesOrNo is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current value
from the specified string.

#### func (TyesOrNo) String

```go
func (me TyesOrNo) String() string
```
Since TyesOrNo is just a simple String type, this merely returns the current
string value.

#### func (TyesOrNo) ToXsdtToken

```go
func (me TyesOrNo) ToXsdtToken() xsdt.Token
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to TyesOrNo's
alias type xsdt.Token.

#### type TyesOrNoOrOmit

```go
type TyesOrNoOrOmit xsdt.Token
```

One of the values "yes" or "no" or "omit".

#### func (TyesOrNoOrOmit) IsNo

```go
func (me TyesOrNoOrOmit) IsNo() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TyesOrNoOrOmit is "no".

#### func (TyesOrNoOrOmit) IsOmit

```go
func (me TyesOrNoOrOmit) IsOmit() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TyesOrNoOrOmit is "omit".

#### func (TyesOrNoOrOmit) IsYes

```go
func (me TyesOrNoOrOmit) IsYes() bool
```
Returns true if the value of this enumerated TyesOrNoOrOmit is "yes".

#### func (*TyesOrNoOrOmit) Set

```go
func (me *TyesOrNoOrOmit) Set(s string)
```
Since TyesOrNoOrOmit is just a simple String type, this merely sets the current
value from the specified string.

#### func (TyesOrNoOrOmit) String

```go
func (me TyesOrNoOrOmit) String() string
```
Since TyesOrNoOrOmit is just a simple String type, this merely returns the
current string value.

#### func (TyesOrNoOrOmit) ToXsdtToken

```go
func (me TyesOrNoOrOmit) ToXsdtToken() xsdt.Token
```
This convenience method just performs a simple type conversion to
TyesOrNoOrOmit's alias type xsdt.Token.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_ struct {
	As TsequenceType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform as,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_Item

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_Item struct {
	As TsequenceType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform as,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_Item) AsDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_As_TsequenceType_Item) AsDefault() TsequenceType
```
Returns the default value for As -- "item()*"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ByteOrderMark_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ByteOrderMark_Tavt_ struct {
	ByteOrderMark Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform byte-order-mark,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ByteOrderMark_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ByteOrderMark_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	ByteOrderMark TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform byte-order-mark,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CaseOrder_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CaseOrder_Tavt_ struct {
	CaseOrder Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform case-order,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CdataSectionElements_TQNames_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CdataSectionElements_TQNames_ struct {
	CdataSectionElements TQNames `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform cdata-section-elements,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CdataSectionElements_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CdataSectionElements_Tavt_ struct {
	CdataSectionElements Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform cdata-section-elements,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Character_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Character_Tchar_ struct {
	Character Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform character,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_Tavt_ struct {
	Collation Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform collation,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_XsdtAnyURI_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Collation_XsdtAnyURI_ struct {
	Collation xsdt.AnyURI `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform collation,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CopyNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CopyNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes struct {
	CopyNamespaces TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform copy-namespaces,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CopyNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes) CopyNamespacesDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_CopyNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes) CopyNamespacesDefault() TyesOrNo
```
Returns the default value for CopyNamespaces -- "yes"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Count_Tpattern_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Count_Tpattern_ struct {
	Count Tpattern `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform count,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DataType_Tavt_Text

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DataType_Tavt_Text struct {
	DataType Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform data-type,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DataType_Tavt_Text) DataTypeDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DataType_Tavt_Text) DataTypeDefault() Tavt
```
Returns the default value for DataType -- "text"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DecimalSeparator_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DecimalSeparator_Tchar_ struct {
	DecimalSeparator Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform decimal-separator,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DecimalSeparator_Tchar_) DecimalSeparatorDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DecimalSeparator_Tchar_) DecimalSeparatorDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for DecimalSeparator -- "."

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultCollation_TuriList_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultCollation_TuriList_ struct {
	DefaultCollation TuriList `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform default-collation,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultValidation_TvalidationStripOrPreserve_Strip

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultValidation_TvalidationStripOrPreserve_Strip struct {
	DefaultValidation TvalidationStripOrPreserve `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform default-validation,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultValidation_TvalidationStripOrPreserve_Strip) DefaultValidationDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultValidation_TvalidationStripOrPreserve_Strip) DefaultValidationDefault() TvalidationStripOrPreserve
```
Returns the default value for DefaultValidation -- "strip"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Digit_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Digit_Tchar_ struct {
	Digit Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform digit,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Digit_Tchar_) DigitDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Digit_Tchar_) DigitDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for Digit -- "#"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DisableOutputEscaping_TyesOrNo_No

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DisableOutputEscaping_TyesOrNo_No struct {
	DisableOutputEscaping TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform disable-output-escaping,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DisableOutputEscaping_TyesOrNo_No) DisableOutputEscapingDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DisableOutputEscaping_TyesOrNo_No) DisableOutputEscapingDefault() TyesOrNo
```
Returns the default value for DisableOutputEscaping -- "no"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypePublic_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypePublic_Tavt_ struct {
	DoctypePublic Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform doctype-public,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypePublic_XsdtString_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypePublic_XsdtString_ struct {
	DoctypePublic xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform doctype-public,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypeSystem_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypeSystem_Tavt_ struct {
	DoctypeSystem Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform doctype-system,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypeSystem_XsdtString_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DoctypeSystem_XsdtString_ struct {
	DoctypeSystem xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform doctype-system,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Elements_Tnametests_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Elements_Tnametests_ struct {
	Elements Tnametests `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform elements,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Encoding_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Encoding_Tavt_ struct {
	Encoding Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform encoding,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Encoding_XsdtString_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Encoding_XsdtString_ struct {
	Encoding xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform encoding,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_EscapeUriAttributes_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_EscapeUriAttributes_Tavt_ struct {
	EscapeUriAttributes Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform escape-uri-attributes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_EscapeUriAttributes_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_EscapeUriAttributes_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	EscapeUriAttributes TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform escape-uri-attributes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExcludeResultPrefixes_TprefixListOrAll_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExcludeResultPrefixes_TprefixListOrAll_ struct {
	ExcludeResultPrefixes TprefixListOrAll `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform exclude-result-prefixes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExcludeResultPrefixes_Tprefixes_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExcludeResultPrefixes_Tprefixes_ struct {
	ExcludeResultPrefixes Tprefixes `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform exclude-result-prefixes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExtensionElementPrefixes_TprefixList_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExtensionElementPrefixes_TprefixList_ struct {
	ExtensionElementPrefixes TprefixList `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform extension-element-prefixes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExtensionElementPrefixes_Tprefixes_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExtensionElementPrefixes_Tprefixes_ struct {
	ExtensionElementPrefixes Tprefixes `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform extension-element-prefixes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Flags_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Flags_Tavt_ struct {
	Flags Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform flags,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_ struct {
	Format Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform format,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_1

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_1 struct {
	Format Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform format,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_1) FormatDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Format_Tavt_1) FormatDefault() Tavt
```
Returns the default value for Format -- "1"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_From_Tpattern_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_From_Tpattern_ struct {
	From Tpattern `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform from,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupAdjacent_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupAdjacent_Texpression_ struct {
	GroupAdjacent Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform group-adjacent,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupBy_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupBy_Texpression_ struct {
	GroupBy Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform group-by,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupEndingWith_Tpattern_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupEndingWith_Tpattern_ struct {
	GroupEndingWith Tpattern `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform group-ending-with,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupStartingWith_Tpattern_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupStartingWith_Tpattern_ struct {
	GroupStartingWith Tpattern `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform group-starting-with,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tavt_ struct {
	GroupingSeparator Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform grouping-separator,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tchar_ struct {
	GroupingSeparator Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform grouping-separator,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tchar_) GroupingSeparatorDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSeparator_Tchar_) GroupingSeparatorDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for GroupingSeparator -- ","

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSize_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_GroupingSize_Tavt_ struct {
	GroupingSize Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform grouping-size,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Href_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Href_Tavt_ struct {
	Href Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform href,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Href_XsdtAnyURI_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Href_XsdtAnyURI_ struct {
	Href xsdt.AnyURI `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform href,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Id_XsdtId_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Id_XsdtId_ struct {
	Id xsdt.Id `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform id,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_IncludeContentType_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_IncludeContentType_Tavt_ struct {
	IncludeContentType Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform include-content-type,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_IncludeContentType_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_IncludeContentType_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	IncludeContentType TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform include-content-type,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Indent_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Indent_Tavt_ struct {
	Indent Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform indent,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Indent_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Indent_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	Indent TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform indent,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Infinity_XsdtString_Infinity

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Infinity_XsdtString_Infinity struct {
	Infinity xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform infinity,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Infinity_XsdtString_Infinity) InfinityDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Infinity_XsdtString_Infinity) InfinityDefault() xsdt.String
```
Returns the default value for Infinity -- "Infinity"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes struct {
	InheritNamespaces TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform inherit-namespaces,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes) InheritNamespacesDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes) InheritNamespacesDefault() TyesOrNo
```
Returns the default value for InheritNamespaces -- "yes"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InputTypeAnnotations_TinputTypeAnnotationsType_Unspecified

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InputTypeAnnotations_TinputTypeAnnotationsType_Unspecified struct {
	InputTypeAnnotations TinputTypeAnnotationsType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform input-type-annotations,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InputTypeAnnotations_TinputTypeAnnotationsType_Unspecified) InputTypeAnnotationsDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InputTypeAnnotations_TinputTypeAnnotationsType_Unspecified) InputTypeAnnotationsDefault() TinputTypeAnnotationsType
```
Returns the default value for InputTypeAnnotations -- "unspecified"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Lang_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Lang_Tavt_ struct {
	Lang Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform lang,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_LetterValue_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_LetterValue_Tavt_ struct {
	LetterValue Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform letter-value,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Level_Tlevel_Single

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Level_Tlevel_Single struct {
	Level Tlevel `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform level,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Level_Tlevel_Single) LevelDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Level_Tlevel_Single) LevelDefault() Tlevel
```
Returns the default value for Level -- "single"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Match_Tpattern_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Match_Tpattern_ struct {
	Match Tpattern `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform match,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MediaType_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MediaType_Tavt_ struct {
	MediaType Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform media-type,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MediaType_XsdtString_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MediaType_XsdtString_ struct {
	MediaType xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform media-type,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Method_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Method_Tavt_ struct {
	Method Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform method,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Method_Tmethod_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Method_Tmethod_ struct {
	Method Tmethod `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform method,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MinusSign_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MinusSign_Tchar_ struct {
	MinusSign Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform minus-sign,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MinusSign_Tchar_) MinusSignDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_MinusSign_Tchar_) MinusSignDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for MinusSign -- "-"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Mode_Tmode_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Mode_Tmode_ struct {
	Mode Tmode `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform mode,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Mode_Tmodes_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Mode_Tmodes_ struct {
	Mode Tmodes `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform mode,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NaN_XsdtString_NaN

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NaN_XsdtString_NaN struct {
	NaN xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform NaN,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NaN_XsdtString_NaN) NaNDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NaN_XsdtString_NaN) NaNDefault() xsdt.String
```
Returns the default value for NaN -- "NaN"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_TQName_ struct {
	Name TQName `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform name,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Name_Tavt_ struct {
	Name Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform name,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_Tavt_ struct {
	Namespace Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform namespace,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_XsdtAnyURI_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Namespace_XsdtAnyURI_ struct {
	Namespace xsdt.AnyURI `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform namespace,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NormalizationForm_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NormalizationForm_Tavt_ struct {
	NormalizationForm Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform normalization-form,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NormalizationForm_XsdtNmtoken_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_NormalizationForm_XsdtNmtoken_ struct {
	NormalizationForm xsdt.Nmtoken `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform normalization-form,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OmitXmlDeclaration_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OmitXmlDeclaration_Tavt_ struct {
	OmitXmlDeclaration Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform omit-xml-declaration,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OmitXmlDeclaration_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OmitXmlDeclaration_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	OmitXmlDeclaration TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform omit-xml-declaration,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Order_Tavt_Ascending

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Order_Tavt_Ascending struct {
	Order Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform order,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Order_Tavt_Ascending) OrderDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Order_Tavt_Ascending) OrderDefault() Tavt
```
Returns the default value for Order -- "ascending"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Ordinal_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Ordinal_Tavt_ struct {
	Ordinal Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform ordinal,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OutputVersion_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_OutputVersion_Tavt_ struct {
	OutputVersion Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform output-version,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Override_TyesOrNo_Yes

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Override_TyesOrNo_Yes struct {
	Override TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform override,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Override_TyesOrNo_Yes) OverrideDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Override_TyesOrNo_Yes) OverrideDefault() TyesOrNo
```
Returns the default value for Override -- "yes"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PatternSeparator_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PatternSeparator_Tchar_ struct {
	PatternSeparator Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform pattern-separator,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PatternSeparator_Tchar_) PatternSeparatorDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PatternSeparator_Tchar_) PatternSeparatorDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for PatternSeparator -- ";"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PerMille_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PerMille_Tchar_ struct {
	PerMille Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform per-mille,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PerMille_Tchar_) PerMilleDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_PerMille_Tchar_) PerMilleDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for PerMille -- ""

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Percent_Tchar_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Percent_Tchar_ struct {
	Percent Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform percent,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Percent_Tchar_) PercentDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Percent_Tchar_) PercentDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for Percent -- "%"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Priority_XsdtDecimal_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Priority_XsdtDecimal_ struct {
	Priority xsdt.Decimal `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform priority,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Regex_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Regex_Tavt_ struct {
	Regex Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform regex,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Required_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Required_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	Required TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform required,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ResultPrefix_TprefixOrDefault_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ResultPrefix_TprefixOrDefault_ struct {
	ResultPrefix TprefixOrDefault `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform result-prefix,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_SchemaLocation_XsdtAnyURI_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_SchemaLocation_XsdtAnyURI_ struct {
	SchemaLocation xsdt.AnyURI `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform schema-location,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_ struct {
	Select Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform select,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_ChildNode

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_ChildNode struct {
	Select Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform select,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_ChildNode) SelectDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Select_Texpression_ChildNode) SelectDefault() Texpression
```
Returns the default value for Select -- "child::node()"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Separator_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Separator_Tavt_ struct {
	Separator Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform separator,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Stable_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Stable_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	Stable TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform stable,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Standalone_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Standalone_Tavt_ struct {
	Standalone Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform standalone,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Standalone_TyesOrNoOrOmit_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Standalone_TyesOrNoOrOmit_ struct {
	Standalone TyesOrNoOrOmit `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform standalone,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_String_XsdtString_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_String_XsdtString_ struct {
	String xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform string,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_StylesheetPrefix_TprefixOrDefault_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_StylesheetPrefix_TprefixOrDefault_ struct {
	StylesheetPrefix TprefixOrDefault `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform stylesheet-prefix,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Terminate_Tavt_No

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Terminate_Tavt_No struct {
	Terminate Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform terminate,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Terminate_Tavt_No) TerminateDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Terminate_Tavt_No) TerminateDefault() Tavt
```
Returns the default value for Terminate -- "no"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Test_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Test_Texpression_ struct {
	Test Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform test,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Tunnel_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Tunnel_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	Tunnel TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform tunnel,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_ struct {
	Type TQName `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform type,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UndeclarePrefixes_Tavt_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UndeclarePrefixes_Tavt_ struct {
	UndeclarePrefixes Tavt `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform undeclare-prefixes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UndeclarePrefixes_TyesOrNo_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UndeclarePrefixes_TyesOrNo_ struct {
	UndeclarePrefixes TyesOrNo `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform undeclare-prefixes,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseAttributeSets_TQNames_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseAttributeSets_TQNames_ struct {
	UseAttributeSets TQNames `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform use-attribute-sets,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseCharacterMaps_TQNames_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseCharacterMaps_TQNames_ struct {
	UseCharacterMaps TQNames `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform use-character-maps,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseWhen_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseWhen_Texpression_ struct {
	UseWhen Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform use-when,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Use_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Use_Texpression_ struct {
	Use Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform use,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_ struct {
	Validation TvalidationType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform validation,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Value_Texpression_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Value_Texpression_ struct {
	Value Texpression `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform value,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtDecimal_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtDecimal_ struct {
	Version xsdt.Decimal `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform version,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtNmtoken_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtNmtoken_ struct {
	Version xsdt.Nmtoken `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform version,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_XpathDefaultNamespace_XsdtAnyURI_

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_XpathDefaultNamespace_XsdtAnyURI_ struct {
	XpathDefaultNamespace xsdt.AnyURI `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform xpath-default-namespace,attr"`
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ZeroDigit_Tchar_0

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ZeroDigit_Tchar_0 struct {
	ZeroDigit Tchar `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform zero-digit,attr"`
}
```


#### func (XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ZeroDigit_Tchar_0) ZeroDigitDefault

```go
func (me XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ZeroDigit_Tchar_0) ZeroDigitDefault() Tchar
```
Returns the default value for ZeroDigit -- "0"

#### type XsdGoPkgHasAtts_LiteralResultElementAttributes

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasAtts_LiteralResultElementAttributes struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Type_TQName_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_DefaultCollation_TuriList_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExtensionElementPrefixes_Tprefixes_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_InheritNamespaces_TyesOrNo_Yes

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Validation_TvalidationType_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_XpathDefaultNamespace_XsdtAnyURI_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_Version_XsdtDecimal_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseWhen_Texpression_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_UseAttributeSets_TQNames_

	XsdGoPkgHasAttr_ExcludeResultPrefixes_Tprefixes_
}
```


#### type XsdGoPkgHasCdata

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasCdata struct {
	XsdGoPkgCDATA string `xml:",chardata"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasCdata) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasCdata) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasCdata function is not nil (ie. was set by outside
code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasCdata instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasCdata instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString struct {
	AnalyzeString *TxsdAnalyzeString `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform analyze-string"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports struct {
	ApplyImports *TxsdApplyImports `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform apply-imports"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates struct {
	ApplyTemplates *TxsdApplyTemplates `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform apply-templates"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute struct {
	Attribute *TxsdAttribute `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform attribute"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet struct {
	AttributeSet *TxsdAttributeSet `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform attribute-set"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate struct {
	CallTemplate *TxsdCallTemplate `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform call-template"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap struct {
	CharacterMap *TxsdCharacterMap `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform character-map"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose struct {
	Choose *TxsdChoose `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform choose"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment struct {
	Comment *TxsdComment `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform comment"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy struct {
	Copy *TxsdCopy `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform copy"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf struct {
	CopyOf *TxsdCopyOf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform copy-of"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat struct {
	DecimalFormat *TxsdDecimalFormat `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform decimal-format"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration struct {
	Declaration *TgenericElementType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform declaration"`

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 12/12 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document struct {
	Document *TxsdDocument `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform document"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element struct {
	Element *TxsdElement `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform element"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback struct {
	Fallback *TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform fallback"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach struct {
	ForEach *TxsdForEach `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform for-each"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup struct {
	ForEachGroup *TxsdForEachGroup `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform for-each-group"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function struct {
	Function *TxsdFunction `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform function"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_If

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_If struct {
	If *TxsdIf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform if"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_If) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_If) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_If function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_If instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_If instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import struct {
	Import *TxsdInclude `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform import"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema struct {
	ImportSchema *TxsdImportSchema `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform import-schema"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include struct {
	Include *TxsdInclude `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform include"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction struct {
	Instruction *TversionedElementType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform instruction"`

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_If

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 25/25 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key struct {
	Key *TxsdKey `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform key"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement struct {
	LiteralResultElement xsdt.AnyType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform literal-result-element"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement function is not nil
(ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement instance as the single argument. Then calls
the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring struct {
	MatchingSubstring *TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform matching-substring"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring function is not nil (ie.
was set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message struct {
	Message *TxsdMessage `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform message"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace struct {
	Namespace *TxsdNamespace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform namespace"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias struct {
	NamespaceAlias *TxsdNamespaceAlias `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform namespace-alias"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch struct {
	NextMatch *TxsdNextMatch `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform next-match"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring struct {
	NonMatchingSubstring *TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform non-matching-substring"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring function is not nil
(ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring instance as the single argument. Then calls
the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number struct {
	Number *TxsdNumber `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform number"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise struct {
	Otherwise *TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform otherwise"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output struct {
	Output *TxsdOutput `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform output"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter struct {
	OutputCharacter *TxsdOutputCharacter `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform output-character"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 1/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param struct {
	Param *TxsdParam `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform param"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort struct {
	PerformSort *TxsdForEach `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform perform-sort"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace struct {
	PreserveSpace *TxsdPreserveSpace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform preserve-space"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction struct {
	ProcessingInstruction *TxsdNamespace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform processing-instruction"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction function is not nil
(ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument struct {
	ResultDocument *TxsdResultDocument `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform result-document"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence struct {
	Sequence *TxsdSequence `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform sequence"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort struct {
	Sort *TxsdSort `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform sort"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace struct {
	StripSpace *TxsdPreserveSpace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform strip-space"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet struct {
	Stylesheet xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform stylesheet"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template struct {
	Template *TxsdTemplate `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform template"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text struct {
	Text *TxsdText `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform text"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform struct {
	Transform *TxsdTransform `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform transform"`

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/1 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf struct {
	ValueOf *TxsdValueOf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform value-of"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable struct {
	Variable *TxsdVariable `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform variable"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_When

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_When struct {
	When *TxsdIf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform when"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_When) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_When) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_When function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_When instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_When instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam struct {
	WithParam *TxsdWithParam `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform with-param"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 1/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString struct {
	AnalyzeStrings []*TxsdAnalyzeString `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform analyze-string"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports struct {
	ApplyImportses []*TxsdApplyImports `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform apply-imports"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates struct {
	ApplyTemplateses []*TxsdApplyTemplates `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform apply-templates"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute struct {
	Attributes []*TxsdAttribute `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform attribute"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet struct {
	AttributeSets []*TxsdAttributeSet `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform attribute-set"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate struct {
	CallTemplates []*TxsdCallTemplate `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform call-template"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap struct {
	CharacterMaps []*TxsdCharacterMap `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform character-map"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose struct {
	Chooses []*TxsdChoose `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform choose"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment struct {
	Comments []*TxsdComment `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform comment"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy struct {
	Copies []*TxsdCopy `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform copy"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf struct {
	CopyOfs []*TxsdCopyOf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform copy-of"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat struct {
	DecimalFormats []*TxsdDecimalFormat `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform decimal-format"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration struct {
	Declarations []*TgenericElementType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform declaration"`

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 12/12 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document struct {
	Documents []*TxsdDocument `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform document"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element struct {
	Elements []*TxsdElement `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform element"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback struct {
	Fallbacks []*TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform fallback"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach struct {
	ForEachs []*TxsdForEach `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform for-each"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup struct {
	ForEachGroups []*TxsdForEachGroup `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform for-each-group"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function struct {
	Functions []*TxsdFunction `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform function"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_If

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_If struct {
	Ifs []*TxsdIf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform if"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_If) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_If) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_If function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_If instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_If instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import struct {
	Imports []*TxsdInclude `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform import"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema struct {
	ImportSchemas []*TxsdImportSchema `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform import-schema"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include struct {
	Includes []*TxsdInclude `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform include"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction struct {
	Instructions []*TversionedElementType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform instruction"`

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_If

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 25/25 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key struct {
	Keys []*TxsdKey `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform key"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement struct {
	LiteralResultElements []xsdt.AnyType `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform literal-result-element"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement function is not nil
(ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring struct {
	MatchingSubstrings []*TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform matching-substring"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring function is not nil (ie.
was set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message struct {
	Messages []*TxsdMessage `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform message"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace struct {
	Namespaces []*TxsdNamespace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform namespace"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias struct {
	NamespaceAliases []*TxsdNamespaceAlias `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform namespace-alias"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch struct {
	NextMatchs []*TxsdNextMatch `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform next-match"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring struct {
	NonMatchingSubstrings []*TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform non-matching-substring"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring function is not nil
(ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number struct {
	Numbers []*TxsdNumber `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform number"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise struct {
	Otherwises []*TsequenceConstructor `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform otherwise"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output struct {
	Outputs []*TxsdOutput `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform output"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter struct {
	OutputCharacters []*TxsdOutputCharacter `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform output-character"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter function is not nil (ie.
was set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param struct {
	Params []*TxsdParam `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform param"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort struct {
	PerformSorts []*TxsdForEach `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform perform-sort"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace struct {
	PreserveSpaces []*TxsdPreserveSpace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform preserve-space"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace instance
as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1
field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction struct {
	ProcessingInstructions []*TxsdNamespace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform processing-instruction"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction function is not nil
(ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument struct {
	ResultDocuments []*TxsdResultDocument `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform result-document"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s)
and 0/1 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence struct {
	Sequences []*TxsdSequence `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform sequence"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort struct {
	Sorts []*TxsdSort `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform sort"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace struct {
	StripSpaces []*TxsdPreserveSpace `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform strip-space"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet struct {
	Stylesheets []xsdt.String `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform stylesheet"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template struct {
	Templates []*TxsdTemplate `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform template"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text struct {
	Texts []*TxsdText `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform text"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform struct {
	Transforms []*TxsdTransform `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform transform"`

	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/1 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf struct {
	ValueOfs []*TxsdValueOf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform value-of"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable struct {
	Variables []*TxsdVariable `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform variable"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_When

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_When struct {
	Whens []*TxsdIf `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform when"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_When) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_When) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_When function is not nil (ie. was set by
outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_When instance as the single
argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_When instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam struct {
	WithParams []*TxsdWithParam `xml:"http://www.w3.org/1999/XSL/Transform with-param"`
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam function is not nil (ie. was set
by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam instance as the
single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 0/0 embed(s) and 0/1 field(s)
belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements function is not nil (ie. was
set by outside code), calls it with this XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements
instance as the single argument. Then calls the Walk() method on 1/1 embed(s)
and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup

```go
type XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable

	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction

	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements
}
```


#### func (*XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup) Walk

```go
func (me *XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup) Walk() (err error)
```
If the WalkHandlers.XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup function is not
nil (ie. was set by outside code), calls it with this
XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup instance as the single argument. Then
calls the Walk() method on 3/3 embed(s) and 0/0 field(s) belonging to this
XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup instance.

#### type XsdGoPkgWalkHandlers

```go
type XsdGoPkgWalkHandlers struct {
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Element, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat            func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_DecimalFormat, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Attribute, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text                      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Text, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Function, bool) error
	TxsdNumber                                func(*TxsdNumber, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring        func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_MatchingSubstring, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration               func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Declaration, bool) error
	TxsdAttribute                             func(*TxsdAttribute, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEachGroup, bool) error
	TsequenceConstructor                      func(*TsequenceConstructor, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet               func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Stylesheet, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace               func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_StripSpace, bool) error
	TxsdDocument                              func(*TxsdDocument, bool) error
	TxsdResultDocument                        func(*TxsdResultDocument, bool) error
	TxsdForEachGroup                          func(*TxsdForEachGroup, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_AttributeSet, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Declaration, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Fallback, bool) error
	TxsdTemplate                              func(*TxsdTemplate, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Include, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Fallback, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_CharacterMap, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter           func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_OutputCharacter, bool) error
	TxsdTransform                             func(*TxsdTransform, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_CallTemplate, bool) error
	TxsdApplyTemplates                        func(*TxsdApplyTemplates, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param                     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Param, bool) error
	TxsdAttributeSet                          func(*TxsdAttributeSet, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ProcessingInstruction, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates            func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyTemplates, bool) error
	TxsdIf                                    func(*TxsdIf, bool) error
	TxsdParam                                 func(*TxsdParam, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEach, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Message, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_PreserveSpace, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sequence, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Document, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Comment, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_PerformSort, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ProcessingInstruction, bool) error
	TxsdAnalyzeString                         func(*TxsdAnalyzeString, bool) error
	TxsdKey                                   func(*TxsdKey, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction               func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Instruction, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_LiteralResultElement, bool) error
	TxsdNamespace                             func(*TxsdNamespace, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString            func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_AnalyzeString, bool) error
	TtransformElementBaseType                 func(*TtransformElementBaseType, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements           func(*XsdGoPkgHasGroup_ResultElements, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output                    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Output, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Stylesheet, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_StripSpace, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Namespace, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Include, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Choose, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyImports, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy                      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Copy, bool) error
	TxsdSequence                              func(*TxsdSequence, bool) error
	TxsdDecimalFormat                         func(*TxsdDecimalFormat, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring         func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_MatchingSubstring, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias            func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_NamespaceAlias, bool) error
	TxsdCopyOf                                func(*TxsdCopyOf, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy                     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Copy, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param                    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Param, bool) error
	TxsdInclude                               func(*TxsdInclude, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_NonMatchingSubstring, bool) error
	TxsdVariable                              func(*TxsdVariable, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_DecimalFormat, bool) error
	TxsdCharacterMap                          func(*TxsdCharacterMap, bool) error
	TxsdNextMatch                             func(*TxsdNextMatch, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Transform, bool) error
	TxsdPreserveSpace                         func(*TxsdPreserveSpace, bool) error
	TxsdText                                  func(*TxsdText, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_CallTemplate, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Template, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_NextMatch, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Message, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sequence, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Instruction, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ImportSchema, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Variable, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key                       func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Key, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ValueOf, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Template, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Transform, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument           func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ResultDocument, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number                    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Number, bool) error
	TxsdImportSchema                          func(*TxsdImportSchema, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_WithParam, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace            func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_PreserveSpace, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Output, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_If                        func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_If, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_When                      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_When, bool) error
	TxsdNamespaceAlias                        func(*TxsdNamespaceAlias, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter          func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_OutputCharacter, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Comment, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort                     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Sort, bool) error
	TxsdChoose                                func(*TxsdChoose, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ImportSchema, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text                     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Text, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key                      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Key, bool) error
	TxsdCallTemplate                          func(*TxsdCallTemplate, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf                    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_CopyOf, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort               func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_PerformSort, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup func(*XsdGoPkgHasGroup_SequenceConstructorGroup, bool) error
	TelementOnlyVersionedElementType          func(*TelementOnlyVersionedElementType, bool) error
	TxsdForEach                               func(*TxsdForEach, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Element, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Attribute, bool) error
	TxsdOutputCharacter                       func(*TxsdOutputCharacter, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_AnalyzeString, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasCdata                          func(*XsdGoPkgHasCdata, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_If                       func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_If, bool) error
	TxsdApplyImports                          func(*TxsdApplyImports, bool) error
	TxsdSort                                  func(*TxsdSort, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose                    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Choose, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ForEach, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports              func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ApplyImports, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Number, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_When                     func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_When, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable                  func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Variable, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import                    func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Import, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_WithParam, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias           func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_NamespaceAlias, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_LiteralResultElement, bool) error
	TxsdComment                               func(*TxsdComment, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_CharacterMap, bool) error
	TversionedElementType                     func(*TversionedElementType, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument            func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ResultDocument, bool) error
	TxsdMessage                               func(*TxsdMessage, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Document, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Otherwise, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Function, bool) error
	TxsdElement                               func(*TxsdElement, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Import, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort                      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_Sort, bool) error
	TtextElementBaseType                      func(*TtextElementBaseType, bool) error
	TxsdFunction                              func(*TxsdFunction, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_ValueOf, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Namespace, bool) error
	TxsdOutput                                func(*TxsdOutput, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates           func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ApplyTemplates, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_ForEachGroup, bool) error
	TxsdValueOf                               func(*TxsdValueOf, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet             func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_AttributeSet, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch                 func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_NextMatch, bool) error
	TxsdCopy                                  func(*TxsdCopy, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf                   func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_CopyOf, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise                func(*XsdGoPkgHasElems_Otherwise, bool) error
	TxsdWithParam                             func(*TxsdWithParam, bool) error
	TgenericElementType                       func(*TgenericElementType, bool) error
	XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring      func(*XsdGoPkgHasElem_NonMatchingSubstring, bool) error
}
```

Provides 152 strong-typed hooks for your own custom handler functions to be
invoked when the Walk() method is called on any instance of any
(non-attribute-related) struct type defined in this package. If your custom
handler does get called at all for a given struct instance, then it always gets
called twice, first with the 'enter' bool argument set to true, then (after
having Walk()ed all subordinate struct instances, if any) once again with it set
to false.

--
**godocdown** http://github.com/robertkrimen/godocdown